Problem 1: Warehouse Scale Computers

a. True. The connections between nodes in an SMP server are all within the machine
    and run very fast to reduce latency, whereas most of the connections between
    the same number of nodes in a cluster of low-end PC-class serves would be Ethernet
    LAN links which increase latency.

b. False. A large SMP server takes advantage of more DRAM, which is more expensive,
    whereas low-end PC class servers make more use of cheap hard disks. Also, it's
    cheaper to buy more low-end servers because you'd be buying in larger bulk
    compared to the SMP servers.

c. True. A PUE under 1.0 would mean the IT equipment is using more power than the
    entire WSC facility, which is not possible.

d. False. With a PUE of 2 to 3 for an average WSC (The Datacenter as a Computer 48),
    this means that the IT equipment only consumes about one-third to one-half of
    the power.

e. False. A typical server consumes about 50% of its peak power when idle and
    increases power usage quickly with greater load, then plateaus near 100% of its
    peak power at around 80% of its max load (Datacenter 59).


Problem 2: MapReduce Questions

a. A combiner is a program that runs independently on each machine designated to be a
    mapper that collects identical keys and sums their values so that every key appears
    at most once in the output of each mapper. This reduces the amount of data the
    mappers need to send to the reducers over the network.

b. Whether or not a combiner is used shouldn't affect the output of the entire MapReduce
    process, so the key-value pair types the reducers receive from the combiners should
    be the same as the types they get from the mappers, meaning the input types should
    be the same as the output types for the combiners.

c. Yes. Each combiner program running on a mapper machine is independent of the other
    mappers and the data they are processing, and they maintain the same key-value pair
    types to eventually send to the reducers.

d. Yes. Google's WSCs use MapReduce to extract relevant documents and information from
    multiple document and index servers.

e. If a process on one worker is running slowly or stalls, the "master" kills the process
    and shares the associated data with another machine.


Problem 3: MapReduce Programming

a. Aim for a list where the key is an individual word and the value is the proportion of
    the number of occurrences of that word in a spam email versus all emails. This should
    show how words relating to advertising, marketing, finances, etc. correlate with spam
    emails because the proportion of their appearances in spam emails will be high.

b. The mapper takes in (boolean, string) as input key-value pairs, splits the text into
    words and for each word can emit (word, tuple) as an output key-value pair where it
    would be (word, [1, 0]) if the email was spam and (word, [0, 1]) if it wasn't.

c. The combiner can compress all the identical (word, tuple) key-value pairs into pairs
    represented by (word, [x, y]), where the word appeared x times in spam emails and y
    times in non-spam emails.

d. The reducer would take the (word, tuple) input key-value pairs and create (word, float)
    output pairs where the float is (x / (x+y)), representing the proportion of occurrences
    of each word that were in spam emails.


Problem 4: Do in hw1.c
